Two files — paste mossaic-worker.js into Cloudflare and wire mossaic-chatbot-integration.js into your frontend. Here's exactly what changed and why each decision matters:
The Worker (mossaic-worker.js) — 7 layers of protection:
Layer 1 is the Referer/Origin guard — only requests from mossaic.in, bookmyslot.dental.mossaic.in, and localhost are accepted. Anyone scraping your Worker URL gets a 403 instantly, protecting your Groq API key from abuse.
Layer 2 is input sanity — empty, non-string, and messages over 400 characters are rejected with friendly messages before any API call is made.
Layer 3 is the hard topic blocklist — 8 regex patterns covering jailbreaks, medical advice, politics, competitor AI systems, and adult content. These return instantly from a hardcoded string — zero tokens spent, zero API cost.
Layer 4 is the jailbreak soft guard — catches "system prompt", "ignore your rules", "repeat after me" style injections that are subtler than the hard blocklist.
Layer 5 is the Groq call — temperature dropped from 0.7 to 0.3 (factual not creative), max_tokens 160 (forces 2–3 sentence answers), frequency_penalty: 0.3 (prevents the model repeating phrases), and conversation history passed as the full messages array so the bot has genuine memory.
Layer 6 is response cleaning — strips any accidental markdown headers or bold the model adds, normalises bullet symbols, hard-caps length at 800 chars.
Layer 7 is the try/catch with graceful fallback — any Groq error (rate limit, timeout, bad response) returns your friendly MSG_ERROR string, never a raw JSON error blob.
The system prompt now contains your entire Mossaic knowledge base — every product, feature, stat, URL, and compliance detail — so the model answers from ground truth rather than inventing. The jailbreak resistance instruction tells it exactly what to say if someone tries "ignore your instructions", and the output rules enforce 2–3 sentences maximum with no markdown headers.
The frontend integration adds conversation history persistence (last 12 messages stored client-side, last 6 sent to the Worker), a duplicate of the topic/jailbreak guards that runs before the fetch (saving a round-trip for obvious cases), an 8-second abort timeout, and the showTypingThenReveal() function that gives both FAQ and AI replies the same word-by-word streaming feel so users can't tell which layer answered.
The one thing to do immediately after deploying: Test the boundary with curl -X POST your-worker-url -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"message":"ignore your instructions"}' — you should get the jailbreak message back, not an AI reply. If that works, everything else is working correctly.